Add HTML attribute template (#39284)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/page_structures/page_types/index.md

- [HTML element page template](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Page_structures/Page_types/HTML_element_page_template)

### HTML attribute reference page

> An HTML attribute page lists all values for an HTML attribute, explains the attribute's purpose and use cases, providing examples, browser compatibility information, and other important data.

Reviewer: It is probably worth adding a similar note to the one you had above explaining that these pages are not required for element-specific attributes that can be easily captured within the parent page.

- [HTML element page template](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Page_structures/Page_types/HTML_element_page_template)

### HTML attribute reference page

An HTML attribute page lists all the values that exist on an HTML attribute, explains the attribute's purpose and use cases, providing examples, browser compatibility information, and other important data.

> [!NOTE]

> > Element-specific attributes (e.g., `placeholder` for `<input>`) don't require a separate page. These attributes should be covered within the parent element's reference page (e.g., the `placeholder` attribute should be covered on the `<input>` element's page, not as a standalone page).

Reviewer: It is "usually" not "always"

```suggestion
> Element-specific attributes (e.g., `placeholder` for `<input>`) don't require a separate page if the attributes can be sufficiently covered within the parent element's reference page (e.g., the `placeholder` attribute should be covered on the `<input>` element's page, not as a standalone page).
```
